### Course Overview and Project

#### Welcome!

##### Video Notes
- Course is on SQL and data modeling for the web
- Goal is to learn how to do data modeling for the web by implementing a database-backed application
- Project is to do application that lets you create and search to do items that you add to lists that you also manage in this application. In particular:
  - create to-do items
  - read a list of to-do items
  - update to-do items by using a checkbox to mark them as done or not done
  - remove to-do items
  - create, read, update, and delete to-do lists
- Project demonstrates
  - how to do CRUD operations across web applications and relational databases
  - relationships (between lists and to-do items)
  - important principles and patterns for building data models in a web application

##### Instructor Notes
In this course, you'll learn the skills needed to traverse the stack and develop an entire database-backed web application. By the end of the course, you'll have the fundamentals you need to start building web applications for anything you can think of! (Well, almost anything!)

Here are some of the specific core concepts we'll cover:

- How to do *Create*, *Read*, *Update*, and *Delete* (CRUD) operations
- How to apply these operations across both *databases* and *web applications*
- How to set up *relationships* between elements of an application
- How to think about important principles and patterns in building *data models* for a web application

These skills are best learned by doing—by actually building web applications, rather than just reading about how to build them. So in this course, you'll first practice these skills in the context of building a database-backed to-do application, and then you'll get a second opportunity to demonstrate your new skills in your final project (described below).

#### Final Project: Fyyur
At the end of this course, you'll get an opportunity to practice (and demonstrate) all of the above skills a second time, by building your final project—an app called Fyyur. Let's get a preview of that, so that you know what you'll be building!

##### Video Notes
- create site that allows musicians to find musical venues
- used to handle CRUD operations that occur for venues and artists as well as shows that are shared between venues and artists

##### Instructor Notes
At this time, or at any point during the course, feel free to go ahead and have a look at the final project instructions that are at the end of the course. A lot of it won't yet make sense to you, but it can help a lot to know where you're headed, and how you'll be implementing the skills you're learning.
